SovrData/docs/README.md, before:

# SovrData

**SovrData** is a fully decentralized, privacy-focused mobile marketplace for tokenized personal data. Built on the DimShade principles of privacy, consent, auditability, and personal recognition, SovrData empowers individuals to own, license, and protect their identity as digital property.

---

## 🌱 Philosophy

SovrData treats personal data not just as identifiers, but as creative expressions of identity. Each token represents a soulbound artifact — a unique combination of name, image, voice, location, and philosophy — protected as both digital and intellectual property.

- **Privacy by default**
- **Explicit consent**
- **Auditability of every action**
- **Personal recognition through tokenization**
- **Maximum decentralization and zero server dependency**

---

## 🧠 Features

- **Creative Tokenization**  
  Turn personal data into expressive, soulbound NFTs with artistic and philosophical context.

- **QR-Based Licensing**  
  Every token generates a QR code that serves as the only valid proof of usage rights.

- **DimChain Integration**  
  All transactions, ownership, and consent are recorded immutably on-chain.

- **IPFS Storage**  
  Encrypted data is stored on IPFS, linked via token metadata.

- **Marketplace**  
  Peer-to-peer exchange of identity tokens with customizable pricing and license terms.

- **Violation Detection**  
  Unauthorized use is treated as digital theft, with audit logs and legal evidence.

---

## ⚖️ Legal Declaration

SovrData tokens are recognized as digital private property. When creatively expressed, they also qualify as intellectual property. Usage without QR-confirmed transaction constitutes:

- **Digital theft** (property violation)
- **Copyright infringement** (if tokenized data is expressive)

Violators may be held criminally liable under applicable law. See [`legal/SovrData_Declaration_v2.md`](legal/SovrData_Declaration_v2.md) for full terms.

---

## 📁 Project Structure

See [`docs/Architecture.md`](docs/Architecture.md) for full technical breakdown.

Commit message:

Add SovrData README with full description

SovrData/docs/README.md, after:

# SovrData

**SovrData** is a fully decentralized, privacy-focused mobile marketplace for tokenized personal data. Built on the DimShade principles of privacy, consent, auditability, and personal recognition, SovrData empowers individuals to own, license, and protect their identity as digital property.

## 🌱 Philosophy

SovrData treats personal data not just as identifiers, but as creative expressions of identity. Each token represents a soulbound artifact — a unique combination of name, image, voice, location, and philosophy — protected as both digital and intellectual property.

- Privacy by default  
- Explicit consent  
- Auditability of every action  
- Personal recognition through tokenization  
- Maximum decentralization and zero server dependency

## 🧠 Features

- Creative Tokenization  
- QR-Based Licensing  
- DimChain Integration  
- IPFS Storage  
- Marketplace  
- Violation Detection  

## ⚖️ Legal Declaration

SovrData tokens are recognized as digital private property. When creatively expressed, they also qualify as intellectual property. Usage without QR-confirmed transaction constitutes:

- Digital theft (property violation)  
- Copyright infringement  

Violators may be held criminally liable under applicable law. See  for full terms.

## 📁 Project Structure

See  for full technical breakdown.

## 🛠️ Getting Started

```bash
git clone https://github.com/DimensionalShade/SovrData.git
cd SovrData
```

## 📜 License

SovrData is open-source and free to use. All tokens created within the system are governed by their embedded license terms.

## ✍️ Author

Created and architected by **Dima**, innovator and lead developer of SovrData.
